# Kung Fu Guy vs. the Blue Balls

A small game where you fight (the) blue balls. They just keep coming
at you from both sides, so you have to punch and kick your way out of
this. For now, there's no way out of this. You're stuck with the blue
balls.

# Controls

The controls are made for the arcade machine at the University of
Oslo. This also explains the graphics for the different buttons. I'm
not planning on making graphics for the keyboard equivalents at the
moment.

# Graphics

The graphics are free, and you may use them as you like. Note that the
guy sprites are in serious need of an upgrade. I'll look into that
when I get more free time (i.e. when my master's thesis has been
turned in, so over Christmas some time).

# Seven Monkey Fury Font

The font used, is Seven Monkey Fury by Nate Piekos, which has the
following license:

This font is Â© 2005 Nate Piekos.  All Rights Reserved.

Created for Blambot Fonts

This font is freeware for independent comic book creation and
non-profit use ONLY. ( This excludes use by "mainstream" publishers,
(Marvel, DC, Dark Horse, Oni, Image, SLG, Top Cow, Crossgen and their
subsidiaries) without a license fee. Use by a "mainstream" publisher
(or it's employee), and use for commercial non-comic book production
(eg. magazine ads, merchandise lables etc.) incurs a license fee be
paid to the designer, Nate Piekos.  This font may not be redistributed
without the author's permission and never with this text file missing
from the .zip, .sit or .hqx.

Blambot/Nate Piekos makes no guarantees about these font files,
 the completeness of character sets, or safety of these files on your
computer.  By installing these fonts on your system, you prove that 
you have read and understand the above.

If you have any questions, visit http://www.blambot.com/license.shtml

For more free and original fonts visit Blambot.

www.blambot.com

Nate Piekos
studio@blambot.com
